Doc: Update to explain more data_freshness impact on collection filters (#3010)
CanalTP/navitia: documentation/slate/source/includes/realtime.md

A disruption is present in the response of the endpoints described if the request is made during its application period.
</aside>

## <a name="PT_object_collections_data_freshness"></a>Public transport object collections

Several public transport objects have separate collections for `base_schedule` and `realtime`.

> So the data_freshness parameter may affect the number of objects returned depanding on the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So the data_freshness parameter may affect the number of objects returned depending on the request.
```

> For exemple when looking for a specific circulation with the collection vehicle_journey with the request like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example when looking for a specific circulation with the collection vehicle_journey using the request:
```

Reviewer 2: Minor: We can avoid two with: -- with the collection vehicle_journey with the request ...

`http://api.navitia.io/v1/coverage/<toto>/vehicle_journeys?since=20191008T100000&until=20191008T200000&data_freshness=base_schedule`.

> A vehicle_journey circulating between since and until that is fully deleted by a disruption will

Reviewer: why end of line here?

Author: To stay under 113 char while keeping it visible that the sentence does keep on :smiley: 
If you think I should change I can.
